Physiology-Aware Rural Ambulance Routing.  In emergency patient transport from rural medical facility to center tertiaryhospital, real-time monitoring of the patient in the ambulance by a physicianexpert at the tertiary center is crucial. While telemetry healthcare servicesusing mobile networks may enable remote real-time monitoring of transportedpatients, physiologic measures and tracking are at least as important andrequires the existence of high-fidelity communication coverage. However, thewireless networks along the roads especially in rural areas can range from 4Gto low-speed 2G, some parts with communication breakage. From a patient careperspective, transport during critical illness can make route selection patientstate dependent. Prompt decisions with the relative advantage of a longer moresecure bandwidth route versus a shorter, more rapid transport route but withless secure bandwidth must be made. The trade-off between route selection andthe quality of wireless communication is an important optimization problemwhich unfortunately has remained unaddressed by prior work.  In this paper, we propose a novel physiology-aware route scheduling approachfor emergency ambulance transport of rural patients with acute, high riskdiseases in need of continuous remote monitoring. We mathematically model theproblem into an NP-hard graph theory problem, and approximate a solution basedon a trade-off between communication coverage and shortest path. We profilecommunication along two major routes in a large rural hospital settings inIllinois, and use the traces to manifest the concept. Further, we design ouralgorithms and run preliminary experiments for scalability analysis. We believethat our scheduling techniques can become a compelling aid that enables analways-connected remote monitoring system in emergency patient transferscenarios aimed to prevent morbidity and mortality with early diagnosistreatment.
A New Way to Factorize Linear Cameras.  The implementation details of factorizing the 3x4 projection matrices oflinear cameras into their left matrix factors and the 4x4 homogeneouscentral(also parallel for infinite center cases) projection factors arepresented in this work. Any full row rank 3x4 real matrix can be factorizedinto such basic matrices which will be called LC factors.  A further extension to multiple view midpoint triangulation, for both pinholeand affine camera cases, is also presented based on such camera factorizations.
Hierarchical Data Representation Model - Multi-layer NMF.  In this paper, we propose a data representation model that demonstrateshierarchical feature learning using nsNMF. We extend unit algorithm intoseveral layers. Experiments with document and image data successfullydiscovered feature hierarchies. We also prove that proposed method results inmuch better classification and reconstruction performance, especially for smallnumber of features. feature hierarchies.
Bigraphical Refinement.  We propose a mechanism for the vertical refinement of bigraphical reactivesystems, based upon a mechanism for limiting observations and utilising theunderlying categorical structure of bigraphs. We present a motivating exampleto demonstrate that the proposed notion of refinement is sensible with respectto the theory of bigraphical reactive systems; and we propose a sufficientcondition for guaranteeing the existence of a safety-preserving verticalrefinement. We postulate the existence of a complimentary notion of horizontalrefinement for bigraphical agents, and finally we discuss the connection ofthis work to the general refinement of Reeves and Streader.
A Survey of TCP Reno, New Reno and Sack Over Mobile Ad-Hoc Network.  Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is often preferred to be implemented atthe transport layer of a Mobile Ad-hoc Network (MANET) because of its widerange of applications, which enjoys the advantage of reliable data transmissionin the Internet. However, because of some unique characteristics of MANET, TCPcannot offer reliable services while using e-mail, internet search and filetransmission in such a network. The research investigates how well thedifferent versions of TCP respond to various performance differentials whensubjected to different network stresses and topology changes, aside fromidentifying the most efficient and robust TCP version(s) for different MANETscenarios. Among several TCP variants, three types are considered important forthe analysis, namely TCP Reno, TCP New Reno and TCP Selective Acknowledgment(SACK). In most cases, the TCP performance is found in our study to decreasewhen the node size and mobility rate is increased in the network. There is,however, exception to this. As our simulation results demonstrate, theincreases in the node velocity sometimes help the TCP to attain a betterperformance. The study also reveals that out of the three variants, TCP SACKcan adapt relatively well to the changing network sizes while TCP Reno performsmost robustly in the presence of different mobility rates within MANET.
Self-Induced Curriculum Learning in Self-Supervised Neural Machine  Translation.  Self-supervised neural machine translation (SSNMT) jointly learns to identifyand select suitable training data from comparable (rather than parallel)corpora and to translate, in a way that the two tasks support each other in avirtuous circle. In this study, we provide an in-depth analysis of the samplingchoices the SSNMT model makes during training. We show how, without it havingbeen told to do so, the model self-selects samples of increasing (i) complexityand (ii) task-relevance in combination with (iii) performing a denoisingcurriculum. We observe that the dynamics of the mutual-supervision signals ofboth system internal representation types are vital for the extraction andtranslation performance. We show that in terms of the Gunning-Fog Readabilityindex, SSNMT starts extracting and learning from Wikipedia data suitable forhigh school students and quickly moves towards content suitable for first yearundergraduate students.
A Study of Implanted and Wearable Body Sensor Networks.  Recent advances in intelligent sensors, microelectronics and integratedcircuit, system-on-chip design and low power wireless communication introducedthe development of miniaturised and autonomous sensor nodes. These tiny sensornodes can be deployed to develop a proactive Body Sensor Network (BSN). Therapid advancement in ultra low-power RF (radio frequency) technology enablesinvasive and non-invasive devices to communicate with a remote station. Thiscommunication revolutionizes healthcare system by enabling long term healthmonitoring of a patient and providing real time feedback to the medicalexperts. In this paper, we present In-body and On-body communication networkswith a special focus on the methodologies of wireless communication betweenimplanted medical devices with external monitoring equipment and recenttechnological growth in both areas. We also discuss open issues and challengesin a BSN.
TrajectoryNet: a new spatio-temporal feature learning network for human  motion prediction.  Human motion prediction is an increasingly interesting topic in computervision and robotics. In this paper, we propose a new 2D CNN based network,TrajectoryNet, to predict future poses in the trajectory space. Compared withmost existing methods, our model focuses on modeling the motion dynamics withcoupled spatio-temporal features, local-global spatial features and globaltemporal co-occurrence features of the previous pose sequence. Specifically,the coupled spatio-temporal features describe the spatial and temporalstructure information hidden in the natural human motion sequence, which can bemined by covering the space and time dimensions of the input pose sequence withthe convolutional filters. The local-global spatial features that encodedifferent correlations of different joints of the human body (e.g. strongcorrelations between joints of one limb, weak correlations between joints ofdifferent limbs) are captured hierarchically by enlarging the receptive fieldlayer by layer and residual connections from the lower layers to the deeperlayers in our proposed convolutional network. And the global temporalco-occurrence features represent the co-occurrence relationship that differentsubsequences in a complex motion sequence are appeared simultaneously, whichcan be obtained automatically with our proposed TrajectoryNet by reorganizingthe temporal information as the depth dimension of the input tensor. Finally,future poses are approximated based on the captured motion dynamics features.Extensive experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-artperformance on three challenging benchmarks (e.g. Human3.6M, G3D, and FNTU),which demonstrates the effectiveness of our proposed method. The code will beavailable if the paper is accepted.
Approximability of Bounded Occurrence Max Ones.  We study the approximability of Max Ones when the number of variableoccurrences is bounded by a constant. For conservative constraint languages(i.e., when the unary relations are included) we give a complete classificationwhen the number of occurrences is three or more and a partial classificationwhen the bound is two.  For the non-conservative case we prove that it is either trivial orequivalent to the corresponding conservative problem under polynomial-timemany-one reductions.
Advanced BIT* (ABIT*): Sampling-Based Planning with Advanced  Graph-Search Techniques.  Path planning is an active area of research essential for many applicationsin robotics. Popular techniques include graph-based searches and sampling-basedplanners. These approaches are powerful but have limitations. This papercontinues work to combine their strengths and mitigate their limitations usinga unified planning paradigm. It does this by viewing the path planning problemas the two subproblems of search and approximation and using advancedgraph-search techniques on a sampling-based approximation. This perspectiveleads to Advanced BIT*. ABIT* combines truncated anytime graph-based searches,such as ATD*, with anytime almost-surely asymptotically optimal sampling-basedplanners, such as RRT*. This allows it to quickly find initial solutions andthen converge towards the optimum in an anytime manner. ABIT* outperformsexisting single-query, sampling-based planners on the tested problems in$\mathbb{R}^{4}$ and $\mathbb{R}^{8}$, and was demonstrated on real-worldproblems with NASA/JPL-Caltech.
Data Market Platforms: Trading Data Assets to Solve Data Problems.  Data only generates value for a few organizations with expertise andresources to make data shareable, discoverable, and easy to integrate. Sharingdata that is easy to discover and integrate is hard because data owners lackinformation (who needs what data) and they do not have incentives to preparethe data in a way that is easy to consume by others.  In this paper, we propose data market platforms to address the lack ofinformation and incentives and tackle the problems of data sharing, discovery,and integration. In a data market platform, data owners want to share databecause they will be rewarded if they do so. Consumers are encouraged to sharetheir data needs because the market will solve the discovery and integrationproblem for them in exchange for some form of currency.  We consider internal markets that operate within organizations to bring downdata silos, as well as external markets that operate across organizations toincrease the value of data for everybody. We outline a research agenda thatrevolves around two problems. The problem of market design, or how to designrules that lead to the outcomes we want, and the systems problem, how toimplement the market and enforce the rules. Treating data as a first-classasset is sorely needed to extend the value of data to more organizations, andwe propose data market platforms as one mechanism to achieve this goal.
Note on edge-colored graphs and digraphs without properly colored cycles.  We study the following two functions: d(n,c) and $\vec{d}(n,c)$; d(n,c)($\vec{d}(n,c)$) is the minimum number k such that every c-edge-coloredundirected (directed) graph of order n and minimum monochromatic degree(out-degree) at least k has a properly colored cycle. Abouelaoualim et al.(2007) stated a conjecture which implies that d(n,c)=1. Using a recursiveconstruction of c-edge-colored graphs with minimum monochromatic degree p andwithout properly colored cycles, we show that $d(n,c)\ge {1 \over c}(\log_cn-\log_c\log_cn)$ and, thus, the conjecture does not hold. In particular, thisinequality significantly improves a lower bound on $\vec{d}(n,2)$ obtained byGutin, Sudakov and Yeo in 1998.
Forbidden Information.  Goedel Incompleteness Theorem leaves open a way around it, vaguely perceivedfor a long time but not clearly identified. (Thus, Goedel believed informalarguments can answer any math question.) Closing this loophole does not seemobvious and involves Kolmogorov complexity. (This is unrelated to, well studiedbefore, complexity quantifications of the usual Goedel effects.) I considerextensions U of the universal partial recursive predicate (or, say, PeanoArithmetic). I prove that any U either leaves an n-bit input (statement)unresolved or contains nearly all information about the n-bit prefix of anyr.e. real r (which is n bits for some r). I argue that creating significantinformation about a SPECIFIC math sequence is impossible regardless of themethods used. Similar problems and answers apply to other unsolvability resultsfor tasks allowing multiple solutions, e.g. non-recursive tilings.
Dispersed Federated Learning: Vision, Taxonomy, and Future Directions.  The ongoing deployment of the Internet of Things (IoT)-based smartapplications is spurring the adoption of machine learning as a key technologyenabler. To overcome the privacy and overhead challenges of centralized machinelearning, there has been a significant recent interest in the concept offederated learning. Federated learning offers on-device, privacy-preservingmachine learning without the need to transfer end-devices data to a third partylocation. However, federated learning still has privacy concerns due tosensitive information inferring capability of the aggregation server usingend-devices local learning models. Furthermore, the federated learning processmight fail due to a failure in the aggregation server (e.g., due to a maliciousattack or physical defect). Other than privacy and robustness issues, federatedlearning over IoT networks requires a significant amount of communicationresources for training. To cope with these issues, we propose a novel conceptof dispersed federated learning (DFL) that is based on the truedecentralization. We opine that DFL will serve as a practical implementation offederated learning for various IoT-based smart applications such as smartindustries and intelligent transportation systems. First, the fundamentals ofthe DFL are presented. Second, a taxonomy is devised with a qualitativeanalysis of various DFL schemes. Third, a DFL framework for IoT networks isproposed with a matching theory-based solution. Finally, an outlook on futureresearch directions is presented.
Solving the TTC 2011 Compiler Optimization Case with GROOVE.  This report presents a partial solution to the Compiler Optimization casestudy using GROOVE. We explain how the input graphs provided with the casestudy were adapted into a GROOVE representation and we describe an initialsolution for Task 1. This solution allows us to automatically reproduce thesteps of the constant folding example given in the case description. We did notsolve Task 2.
Ring Oscillator and its application as Physical Unclonable Function  (PUF) for Password Management.  Mobile and embedded devices are becoming inevitable parts of our dailyroutine. Similar to other electronic devices such as read access memory (RAM)and storage, mobile devices require to authenticate and to be authenticated ina secure way. Usually, this can be accomplished by servers which possessprivate information for all devices. Since these devices are inherently mobileand operating in untrusted environments, they are prone to be accessed byuntrustworthy users. Physical unclonable function (PUF) is a unique physicalfeature of a semiconductor device such as a microprocessor that can begenerated from physical conditions such as supply voltage, temperature, etc.Ring oscillators are the principal parts of PUFs that are synthesized on afield-programmable gate array (FPGA) or an application-specific integratedcircuit (ASIC). Password manager systems are used in order to keep a databaseof usernames and password for clients in order for registration andauthentication. This table plays a crucial role in authentication in manysystems. Hence, security is one of the important features of these systems.Normally, in these tables only usernames and passwords are stored; however,they are vulnerable to many attacks. So, the first method of enhancing thesecurity is using the hash instead of the original data, but, advanced hackerscan break these hash data again. Hence, the method that we are going to use inthis project is utilizing PUF to store the challenge of each user instead ofsaving the hash of passwords.
Machine Learning for Material Characterization with an Application for  Predicting Mechanical Properties.  Currently, the growth of material data from experiments and simulations isexpanding beyond processable amounts. This makes the development of newdata-driven methods for the discovery of patterns among multiple lengthscalesand time-scales and structure-property relationships essential. Thesedata-driven approaches show enormous promise within materials science. Thefollowing review covers machine learning applications for metallic materialcharacterization. Many parameters associated with the processing and thestructure of materials affect the properties and the performance ofmanufactured components. Thus, this study is an attempt to investigate theusefulness of machine learning methods for material property prediction.Material characteristics such as strength, toughness, hardness, brittleness orductility are relevant to categorize a material or component according to theirquality. In industry, material tests like tensile tests, compression tests orcreep tests are often time consuming and expensive to perform. Therefore, theapplication of machine learning approaches is considered helpful for an easiergeneration of material property information. This study also gives anapplication of machine learning methods on small punch test data for thedetermination of the property ultimate tensile strength for various materials.A strong correlation between small punch test data and tensile test data wasfound which ultimately allows to replace more costly tests by simple and fasttests in combination with machine learning.
Computational Hardness of Enumerating Satisfying Spin-Assignments in  Triangulations.  Satisfying spin-assignments in triangulations of a surface are states ofminimum energy of the antiferromagnetic Ising model on triangulations whichcorrespond (via geometric duality) to perfect matchings in cubic bridgelessgraphs. In this work we show that it is NP-complete to decide whether or not asurface triangulation admits a satisfying spin-assignment, and that it is#P-complete to determine the number of such assignments. Both results arederived via an elaborate (and atypical) reduction that maps a Boolean formulain 3-conjunctive normal form into a triangulation of an orientable closedsurface.
Digital Signal Transmission with Chaotic Encryption: Design and  Evaluation of a FPGA Realization.  A discrete-time discrete-value pseudo-chaotic encoder/decoder system ispresented. The pseudo-chaotic module is a 3D discrete version of the well-knownLorenz dynamical system. Scaling and biasing transformations as well as naturalnumber arithmetics are employed in order to simplify realizations on a smallsize Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA. The encryption ability is improved byusing only the least significant byte of one of the pseudo chaotic statevariables as the key to encrypt the plain text. The key is periodicallyperturbed by another chaotic state variable. The statistical properties of thepseudo chaotic cipher are compared with those of other pseudo-random generatorsavailable in the literature. As an example of applicability of the technique, afull duplex communication system is designed and constructed using FPGA's astechnological framework.
Rapid mental computation system as a tool for algorithmic thinking of  elementary school students development.  In this paper, we describe the possibilities of using a rapid mentalcomputation system in elementary education. The system consists of a number ofreadily memorized operations that allow one to perform arithmetic computationsvery quickly. These operations are actually simple algorithms which can developor improve the algorithmic thinking of pupils. Using a rapid mental computationsystem allows forming the basis for the study of computer science in secondaryschool.
